diffie-hellman: Add test cases for inputs near the type limits (#937)
exercism/rust: exercises/diffie-hellman/.meta/hints.md

One possible solution for this exercise is to implement your own modular exponentiation function.
To learn more about it refer to the [following page](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Modular_exponentiation).

## For bonus points

> Did you get the tests passing and the code clean? If you want to, there
> are some additional things you could try.
> 
> - Currently your modular exponentiation function will probably not work for
>   the full range of inputs. There are additional tests you can run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many implementations do not work for
the entire domain of inputs. There are additional optional tests 
defined which help ensure that all valid inputs produce valid results.
```

Author: Included
